# Project 0

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript

In this project I decided to make a website of one of my favorite bands.
First there is the templates folder where all the html files are.
There are a navbar and footer in each html file.

HTML
------------------
* In the index.html file I inserted a background video with a *h1* tag above it. Below in that same tab the presentation of the new EP with an image and a disordered list of hyperlinks that redirect to purchase and reproduction pages in the different media.
* In the discography.html file, a *h1* tag is shown with the corresponding title followed by a division, a *h2* tag with a short description generated with lorem, and finally six images that correspond to the albums that the band has published up to the moment. Each image is contained within a *figure* tag that contains a responsive Bootstrap class to accommodate the images depending on the size of the device being used.
* In the members.html file, the band members are shown. This file has a structure similar to that of discography.html. The difference is that I added the Bootstrap Modal component that runs when the name of each member is clicked, showing some relevant data.
* In the videos.html file, Bootstrap's grid system is used with responsive classes for videos extracted from YouTube.
* In the label.html file, a 4-column table is displayed that contains the year of publication for each album and its record label. The table contains different types of classes obtained from the Bootstrap documentation.
* In the contact.html file, an example number for contact is shown followed by icons with the different social networks of the band and finally a banner in the background.

Styles
------------------
In the styles folder are the style sheets, style.css was generated by the style.scss file.

Images
------------------
In the images folder are all the images that I used to build the web.

Videos
------------------
Finally in the videos folder is the video that I use in the main html of the web.

> All credits corresponding to the owners of the video and images used in this project.
